RHDEVDOCS-7548: Creating content for the GitOps Console plugin (#113167)
openshift/openshift-docs: argocd_applications/using-gitops-console-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="using-gitops-console-ui"]
= Using the GitOps console UI
:context: using-gitops-console-ui

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
:FeatureName: GitOpsConsole plugin
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> The GitOpsConsole plugin extends the {product-title} web console by adding GitOps resources. The plugin is available as part of the {gitops-title} Operator and provides UI support for Argo CD and Argo Rollouts custom resources.

Reviewer: GitOps Console plugin

(Add space)

Author: Fixed.

> The GitOpsConsole plugin extends the {product-title} web console by adding GitOps resources. The plugin is available as part of the {gitops-title} Operator and provides UI support for Argo CD and Argo Rollouts custom resources.

Reviewer 2: what do you think of this instead?

```suggestion
The GitOpsConsole plugin extends the {product-title} web console by adding GitOps resources. The plugin is available as part of the {gitops-title} Operator and provides a console UI for managing Argo CD and Argo Rollouts custom resources.
```

Author: Fixed.

> After you install the {gitops-title} Operator and enable the GitOpsConsole plugin, the {product-title} web console displays a *GitOps* navigation tab in the *Administrator* perspective. The GitOps navigation tab replaces the previous *Environments* tab and related pages in the *Developer* perspective.

Reviewer: What's the reason for having no space?  See my previous comment. Should we refer to the plugin in 'natural language'?  The detailed description of the plugin says:

"OpenShift Console Plugin for GitOps"

I think we can just refer to it as GitOps Console Plugin OpenShift GitOps Console Plugin

Author: Keeping it as GitOps Console plugin wherever applicable.

> The GitOps navigation tab provides access to the following resources:

Reviewer: How about, instead:

The GitOps navigation tab provides access to the following Argo resources.

The first three are Argo CD resources, and the last is simply Argo Rollout resources.

Author: Fixed.
